# Reference
<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

**Classes**

* [`windows_puppet_certificates`](#windows_puppet_certificates): Add Puppet Master CA and Agent certificates to the Windows Certificate Store.

**Defined types**

* [`windows_puppet_certificates::windows_certificate`](#windows_puppet_certificateswindows_certificate): 

## Classes

### windows_puppet_certificates

This module takes the Puppet Master CA certificate and Puppet Agent client
certificate and imports them into the Windows Certificate Store and marks the
public key as Not Exportable. This is useful to allow Windows applications to
consume these certificates in a Windows way. For example:
- for client certificate based authentication in EAP in 802.1x
- for automatically trusting the PE Console in web browsers
- for encrypting secrets for the client to consume, for example Hiera eYaml
- for encrypting secrets for the server to consume, for example encrypting Bitlocker keys

#### Examples

##### Just import the Puppet Master CA certificate

```puppet
include windows_puppet_certificates
```

##### Import master and client certificate

```puppet
class { 'windows_puppet_certificates':
  manage_master_cert => true,
  manage_client_cert => true,
}
```

##### Specify the Puppet config directory

```puppet
class { 'windows_puppet_certificates':
  'confdir_path' => 'c:/programdata/puppetlabs/puppet/etc',
}
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `windows_puppet_certificates` class.

##### `ensure`

Data type: `Enum['present', 'absent']`

Valid options are `present` and `absent`
Default: present

Default value: 'present'

##### `manage_master_cert`

Data type: `Boolean`

When set to true the module will import the Puppet Master CA certificate
into the computer Trusted Root CA certificate store.
Default: true

Default value: `true`

##### `manage_client_cert`

Data type: `Boolean`

When set to true the module will import the Puppet Client certificate, and
private key, into the computer Personal certificate store.
Default: false - importing a private key should be an explicit decision.

Default value: `false`

##### `confdir_path`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Windowspath]`

If set, this path is used instead of the path provided by the
`puppet_confdir` fact from the puppetlabs/puppet_agent module
Default: undef

Default value: `undef`

## Defined types

### windows_puppet_certificates::windows_certificate

The windows_puppet_certificates::windows_certificate class.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `windows_puppet_certificates::windows_certificate` defined type.

##### `cert_path`

Data type: `Stdlib::Windowspath`

The path to the certificate file

##### `cert_type`

Data type: `Enum['trusted_root_ca', 'personal']`

The type of certificate being acted upon.
Valid values are `trusted_root_ca` and `personal`

##### `ensure`

Data type: `Enum['present']`

Currently only `present` is supported
Default: present

Default value: 'present'

##### `key_path`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Windowspath]`

The path to the key file

